fought vallès against whose good by
valleys
dominates vine
now the long chicken for montenegro
starts with mancuello pressure comes out
released for that terminal month it happened not
more coli goes ferro comes sanin or
selling them in the middle age and their
epic role the tapón rodríguez girl and
goltv objective
gentleman
but gentleman with long bounce left him
the russian rodríguez sl always leave
short bounces this time left him long
tour they saw everyone and their signature since
I was on the other side because there was
attacked in the previous one and closed at 15
minutes almost wins him on horseback and
petit duran 0 golfer's goal ferro 1
independent 0 how much ease
with once he accelerated to face and
to be able to kick later there was no one
catching rebounds and he was knight and
the striker emerged in racing shot him
Rodriguez Rodriguez did what he could
before this tremendous Israeli colque auction
to 0 that changed the pace that happened between
the legs of one of the powers
independent with a little fortune
maybe to drag the ball and
gentleman attentive as there should be a
centroatacante to capture any
situation that comes your way
open the score in less than a quarter
of one hour had taught each one
in the second one that arrived was breakage and
puts in advantage new reaction is what
Felipe complains about it when a
archer pulled the ball true and his
comment with brother for me is not
against him I want
and no help that bounces could
say of an archer who covered a
first and second goal by Pablo Cavallero
so far the championship in 11
matches the former racing footballer
sprung up here at the age sant club
with Sanchez floor against Pisano
coffee rummaging to ensure victory
tula that marked little on the map
but worse in the end for ferro I tell you
for my future ball for my penalty for
west rail
drug addiction comes to your site
Rodriguez moves smooth to the side
I got Eduardo Tuzzio out
strong playground cold wave still looks like
independent 1 to 0
if he's still independent, he's going to
lament ferro possibly because it is
take double advantage of the first time
he wants to hit hard he wants
ensure he points a stick and war almost
for a meter of bardot he used the former
independent and is taking advantage of this chance
west railway still alive is still in
independent party that must also
improve what I wanted to ask you about
anise to find out if vidal follows us
but selecting the first goal play or in
the previous one because when to work with
almost goal that did not put the leg
are going to be three minutes encourages the
public of ferro pass of chest of
back to insúa raises but it is going
staying in montenegro saves incorvaia what
that was a goal almost nailed the mind
mint for carranza this is hand in hand
against an eye and look at faces and sky
plucking carranza that ripped frame
is long shot carranza saved
independent frame well or looks good
stopped to which he gave yesterday did one more
center of valleys other silly centers already
Crazy wins so that they go down to
penn with the domina penco the sun does not fall
There's a criminal I came to play Penco outside
which puts which Parra because it is
for pool to place a center wins
you head to goal
do not
a file but your head is the
last he had so much of a certain
I breathe and ask you to play badly all
the night but painted won from above by
that they put it and the party is 11 and
again 5 showing the few
minutes that you give that can be valuable
especially in this type of game the
He fought and the fight in the area demands a
lack incorvaia that there was no
they fought tula overturned to the attack vine and
swimming pool and also entered well
getting several possible centers
devices and this was the head of
Penco with the penal point
followed the action he combed her head to
despite having a tremendous cut in the
facing the mind against the stick
unattachable for him and murcia closed
endured independent ends without
ideas depended on a miracle the miracle
it came and it existed it was called swimming pool for the
center and penco for the header
independent tie of the lousy match
but he went to look for it with the heart in the
final the change in ferro she continues
inside the 16 gómez he went with the
number 10 wed Marines since the change
it was before they should have
done before said something of felipe of anything
they shouted like crazy you 're not the final
of the world
he's going to stick disneyland to the limousine
on 8 marin and now the end 8 marin and
pressing the bighead because he was
saying continue to continue with the theme of
add and then he left cristian
cristian continue to follow and they did not believe him
much the ferro had
courage or penco that I think the
Monday on parchment is 5 and 10 more
sack limousin has tied independent
in caballito an urn took out the
set of avellaneda has played badly
but the head made it funnel 1
the match before the game dominated them
if someone asked independent
can the luxury of matching five dates
at the end against Ferro because he does not have
that to win now for like Mr. Shake is
almost a win we go down with a couple
of notes when they are approaching
protagonists with daniel and with that
the